ever since Donna was a girl no one
believed she'd get very far breaking up
with me in a birthday card well they
don't make breaking up cards but that
won't stop her from going places frankly
people you can be whatever you want
oh why do you want to be a stewardess
because of all the travel opportunities
we fly from Laughlin the Fresno oh it
won't be fast captain we captain it
won't be smooth you ever been on a plane
before yeah you know but this small-town
girl I love that lipstick Chanel we are
every bit as good as they are they are
oh is about to get a taste
royalty Airlines job fair who's in of
the big time I'm John Whitney head of
the flight attendant trainee program
this one on my hand towel about my
little booties and I want my warm not
Gwyneth Paltrow Christina Applegate Mark
Ruffalo Candice Bergen with Kelly
Preston Rob Lowe and Mike Myers
don't ever let anything get in the way
of your destiny Oh view from the top ass
is the window its assess the window you
put the wrong in fascist on the wrong
syllable